every year in Halloween my cousin Sal
greets trick-or-treaters usually we do
this in LA because we lived there but
this year we're in Brooklyn so we set up
camp at a house here in nearby Fort
Greene we rigged it with hidden cameras
and entrusted cousin Sal to spread his
special brand of Halloween fun all over
the kids of Brooklyn enjoy hey happy
Halloween who are you supposed to be
very good what was it little bit rain no
how are you a sweetheart you know what
I'm I'm unfortunately all out of candy
but I want to give you I want to give
you something sweet here it is hold it
out there's some pure sugar all right I
mean what's the difference really this
is what it is you're eating chocolate it
goes right into your teeth just like
that
okay I want you to split this with your
brothers and sisters okay all right you
got it
now get amped up and don't kill that big
bad wolf happy Halloween - happy
Halloween - you blow out the candles
make Halloween wish come on you're
almost there
one more yay you did it all right open
your bag
go nice Halloween cake for you see you
buddy
yeah yeah yeah I'm telling you Halloween
is getting crazy hi how you doing yeah
they're coming all day in droves Oh all
different ages three five nine sometimes
they're like 13 14 year-olds no I know
that's way too old to be
trick-or-treating hey don't want to I
know I know
well what are you gonna do sometimes
kids don't want to grow up no keep
coming around they want candy you know
show up a leather jackets and fishnet
stockings purple dresses they gotta get
a pendulum and then with their dress
desk anyway now I know way too old to be
doing this yeah I know I know
commando hey wait silver bags asking for
candy hair up in a bun yeah something
like 13 14 years old how old are you 14
years I'm this person you're old and
wearing braces oh it's cute but you know
it gets old after a while I don't know
how they can do it okay all right I
gotta go all right take care
hey Gus we have happy Halloween
my kid that's it what
Randy hi oh you're trick-or-treaters
okay I'm sorry I thought you were my
roommate Randy can I tell you what
happened to Randy he's my roommate and
you know he woke up in the middle of the
night and he said he got bitten by a
wolf isn't that nuts
yeah yeah it started growing hair on his
nose and his eyes and underneath his
chin and oh yeah these fangs that fangs
this big and he kept saying up on
Halloween he's like I'm gonna eat for
kids and one's gonna be dressed in pink
and blue and red and purple and I'm like
all right calm down Randy the other
thing is he's like he's like a ballerina
you know it's a werewolf and a ballerina
Oh Randy get in here now what are you
doing and clean your room I'm sorry kids
oh and just still only $20 for cable my
kids here take the whole thing he is the
worst roommate happy Halloween
right